Adding java sample (#1)
Azure-Samples/azure-cosmos-graph-bulk-executor: java/src/main/java/com/microsoft/graph/bulk/impl/README.md

# GraphBulkExecutor

> This sample provides an example of using the Java SDK 4.0 for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been configured to use the Gremlin API. It is a port of the .Net  [GraphBulkExecutorV3](https://github.com/ealsur/GraphBulkExecutorV3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample provides an example of using the Java SDK v4.x.x for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been configured to use the Gremlin API. It is a port of the .Net  [GraphBulkExecutorV3](https://github.com/ealsur/GraphBulkExecutorV3).
```
